[Merged by Bors] - Implement pause/stop. (#337)
stackabletech/hdfs-operator: docs/modules/hdfs/pages/usage-guide/cluster_operations.adoc

= Cluster Operation

> The managed HDFS instances can be configured with different cluster operations like pausing reconciliation or stopping the cluster. See xref:concepts:cluster_operations.adoc[cluster operations] for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
HDFS installations can be configured with different cluster operations like pausing reconciliation or stopping the cluster. See xref:concepts:cluster_operations.adoc[cluster operations] for more details.
```
